DOCS-983 Airflow integration (#6971)
DataDog/integrations-core: airflow/README.md

   ```conf
   [scheduler]
   statsd_on = True

>    statsd_host = localhost # or <VM_IP_address>
>    statsd_port = 8125

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   statsd_host = localhost  # Hostname or IP of server running the Datadog Agent
   statsd_port = 8125       # DogStatsD port configured in the Datadog Agent
```
This might be more precise ?
